OSC INTERACTION 

SETUP INSTRUCTIONS Adding Layout:
1. Email specialEdit.touch osc to yourself and then download on your phone/ device with Touch OSC
2. Open Touch OSC 
3. Click on Layout
4. Click on Add from File
5. Find layout on your device (Most likely in downloads)
6. Click on specialEdit.touchosc and then it should be added to layouts once you return to it
7. Click on that layout in the layout menu

SETUP INSTRUCTIONS TouchOSC:
1. Click on OSC
2. Change Host to your IP address
3. Change port to 8050
4. Set ZeroConf Name to nothing

SETUP Overall:
1. Open Conducter.srp and playdemo.srp from cond and player folders respectively
2. Set conductor to rock mode and unmute the player
3. A melody will automatically begin playing

OSC INTERACTION
WARNING: DO NOT CREATE MORE THAN 15 TRACKS (delete tracks before creating more) 
Note: NA Implies was not implemented

Page One (Homepage)
1. Rhythm: Pressing this button will add a new rhythm track to be auto-generated
2. Melody: Pressing this button will add a new melody track to be auto-generated
3: Harmony: NA
4: Volume Slider: changes all track volumes relatively in a multiplicative factor

Page Two (Track Editor)
1. Grid: Turn on a keytoggle to set that track number as the track to be edited i.e top left is the 0th track, one right from top left is 1rst, etc.
	Note: Only one track can be editted at a time so only the most recent track turned on will be edited
2. New: Resets whatever pattern is in that track to then be autogenerated into something new
3. Delete: Will delete that track in the overall array of allTracks, this changes all track numbers after deleted track to have number -1
4. Mute: If button is pressed and turned on, it will mute the track being edited
5. Volume: Will change the volume of current track relatively with rightmost being a factor of 2x and leftmost being 0
6. Note Density/ Pitch: NA
7. Instrument: Changes the instrument of the track based on type of track; i.e rhythm track will change to drum/ sound instruments and melody track will change to melodic instruments (See chart in Documentation)

Page Three (Rhythm Maker)
1. Grid: Changes the instrument of the track to be created relative to chart of rhythm tracks
2. Record: Turn on to start recording, turn off to stop recording
	Note: Every time record is turned on, all stored information not commited is erased
3. Commit: Changes whatever has been recorded to a track and sets the instrument based on whatever instrument was pressed
4. Varience: NA
5. Giant push button: Tap button to tap out rhythm, will translate into beats based on whatever the current tempo should be
	Note: User must press record first such that it is on, then tap out rhythm, then turn record off. Then press commit and it will be played as a track.
	Note 2: Durations are based on the difference in times between taps

Page Four (Melody Creator)
1. Grid: Changes the instrument of the track to be created relative to chart of melody tracks
2. Record: Turn on to start recording, turn off to stop recording
	Note: Every time record is turned on, all stored information not commited is erased
3. Commit: Changes whatever has been recorded to a track and sets the instrument based on whatever instrument was pressed
4. Varience: NA
5. Button Array: 
	1. Row represents octave with first row being the 3rd octave going up to the 9th octave in the last row
	2. Buttons left to right represent C to B with green being white keys and red being black keys of a keyboard
	3. Between each button is a half step
	4. User must press record first such that it is on, then tap out melody, then turn record off. Then press commit and it will be processed into the correct scale through snapping and then played.
	6. Note: Notes will be played for the duration that they are pressed down snapped to the nearest kind of beat i.e 16th, 8th, quarter, etc.



